Hello hello these individuals in the city and as promised the owner
so great for painting
the detective day at the honesty pay you in easy steps
I got along quite well
this happens before that
a suitable primer in the parsonage in latex driver
Maybe you have a very fine grain
minded
became a piece of canvas
a felt-tip pen
a breathing mask should
so on
so one
then took over
We could see the world of work with a big piece of paper
designed
that we achieved that by either being in huge TVs or simply
via newspapers
furthermore, I have been able to work for the Spree », said Webber
on which so sprayed eggs can be listed
so that it can be sprayed evenly from all sides
The first step is the surface of the material to the space that they are
as fine as sandpaper that is a 400 actors that's almost
820 could be overdone by the government
and the driveway of Flat over the surface
It does not matter that a great idea is just about whether
to build up the surface to keep the paint better
Prof
v
if you did that, the co-worker said
in the surface in some
It is important to make sure that you in her fat remainder or percent
Paint remainders depending on what I make times to the pieces has removed and
also the whole Starbatty removed from the grinding
then with a dry cloth pusher
Round is finished for example
for the primer namely that his athlete because it is a thin layer up
to the material
this layer gives the entire area a uniform structure, if so
somewhere up to 100 or urban cracking that makes it a little again
repair a bit
the word, however, more his fancy
but he uses every conventional primer
dry the whole load steam generator for ten minutes and then kicked one more
Shift up
after the second coat has applied let it dry for two hours
Here you see it has been keeping that talk since that day
Chemnitzer waiting loops
again the good fourth 23 11
So the surface students can finish so it can be the next
Step by step the next step is the
Crescent on the forehead
Percent Black Foxman
to that cuts that objection was worth a moon from Germany
and beside and black powder
The powder must be advised before well-known for about three minutes
until the ball in the team is good to hear HSC we had already prepared
Banks themselves must make sure that the uniform closed and not
staying in one place for too long because otherwise it's too much but also one point
collect and cause the stains
Soldiers with the flag of the United States on
so now that the paint is dry they can clear up the murder so looks
then it out
and now the whole mask could turn red-green
Schliemann
Let it dry after another ten minutes, it is true on the legs
it pulls
now time was not exactly determined which pull off the film before the
Color is dry
we are sailing
The next step is to recite clearcoat
I made myself for a glass of wine holes just because I think
that it fits better with the costume
th gone well again and that's what I think and color apply
So even slow was
tight
v
Red
also the Franks at the second league start
Not
I
the r
as soon as I get a pretty boring if only another picture then say that
Has
At the lake it is not too elaborate now they are playing themselves
Of course, they need to be aware of these needs
be careful to wear gloves and the respiratory mask which did not do both
because i am old and make sure that you are really a group with that
Name work we see I can do it all well covered but how to
does not look good
m
So it really thinks of covering the large area that she can
If you are still far away I am usually only Gernot Bauer
a questionable that some people have covered everything
I'm worried about driving and that's how we come from Israel
Queen was that is in the interest of all or young men info at which
Offices fall for what the vendors use
and parents really mean knives and I'm still in the middle of this place
at least three days so fun a 37-year-old Italian said a lot of fun
while Lesley de Walle
as an optician and on